[Music]
Japan has a culture that's always
fascinated the rest of the world we've
all heard about this country's unique
mix of tradition and futurism but I was
surprised to find out that sumo is not
the most popular sport there and it
takes mad skill to prepare a river pig
oh yeah and bathing is done a little
differently than you might be used to in
Japanese culture the main cleaning
routine is done at night in several
steps follow closely please first run a
hot bath and hop in the shower you just
need to lightly wash any sweat or dust
off your body make sure you're totally
rinsed and next have a soak in that bath
just long enough to open your pores you
might add some Epsom salt and some other
skin nourishing ingredients kind of like
brining a turkey for Thanksgiving and
anyone with long hair make sure it
doesn't touch the bath water
pull it up in a high bun if you need to
then climb out of the bath and let any
ingredients you added soak into the
water time to head back to the shower
for another rinse this second rinse
isn't always done but it'll remove any
more stubborn grime since the room is
probably steamy by now your body
temperature will be up and this will
open the pores even more it also gets
the metabolism going now you're ready to
double dip and have a long luxurious
soak in that bath make sure the water is
still hot well I guess you don't have to
worry about that if you're using a
Japanese tub they have a built-in heater
so that the water stays hot in Japan
bathing is more for relaxation and it
goes beyond just the body it cleanses
the soil too rooted in the belief system
of Shintoism a hot evening bath washes
the stress of the day away plus your
skin is getting the benefits of those
extra ingredients you added if you've
ever been to Japan you'll know that
public bathing is very popular too there
are public bath houses called CentOS in
nearly every town
because of their location the Japanese
can enjoy bathing in hot springs as well
those are known as on sense in earlier
times many Japanese houses didn't have
bathtubs or a heating system for the
water or home
so public bathing became the solution
now it's more of a cultural tradition
acento or onsen is usually part of an
inn that has pools and showers and is
stocked with soap and shampoo people can
socialize and relax after a long day at
work
hey sign me up now it should come as no
surprise that the private Japanese
bathroom is an oasis the tub is deeper
than what we see in the West so that the
water reaches you all the way to your
chin hence why you need to pull your
hair up so it doesn't touch the water
it's traditionally made of cypress wood
which will smell amazing
once the tub is filled with hot water
and the room is steaming okay once
you're done poaching in there it's also
good to know that the toilet is in a
separate room than the bath tub that way
the bath is all about cleanliness
there are even special slippers to wear
only in the room with the toilet since
we're on the subject of Japanese evening
routine let's talk about dinner and some
other cool facts about the Land of the
Rising Sun if you've ever been invited
to a traditional dinner in Japan always
wait to be told where to sit there will
be a guest of honor which is always the
oldest person in the group they'll be
seated in the center of the table try a
bit of everything on your plate using
your chopsticks chopsticks come with
their own set of rules but remember
never to cross them or use them to point
also don't rub them together to get rid
of any wood shavings they don't do that
in Japan in Japan slurping your soup or
noodles is like saying this is delicious
and my compliments to the chef
so if you visit go ahead and slurp away
many parts of Japan are quite crowded so
their homes and lawns have to be small
when Japanese expression says that their
gardens are so small that they'll fit on
a
that's forehead in Japan you can get
your license for a motor scooter or
similar small road vehicle starting at
age 16 but you must wait until you're 18
to get your license to drive a car that
came as a surprise to me as an American
but maybe there are other countries like
that what's the minimum driving age in
your part of the world let me know down
in the comments Japan is known for its
beautiful tea ceremonies and that
delicious matcha but this might surprise
you Japan drinks about 85 percent of the
coffee that Jamaica exports coffee is
everywhere from the big brands we all
know to small family-owned coffee shops
but coffee shops in Japan aren't big
social centers or impromptu offices it's
in and out well that's how I like my
morning coffee run as well here's one
for sports fans even though sumo
wrestling is the national sport baseball
tops the list of the most popular it's a
lot like the American version but some
technical things are a little different
the field the strike zone and the ball
itself are smaller in Japan if you're
interested soccer follows baseball in
popularity
then golf tennis and sumo and fourth
place go to this wondrous country and
you might see Pikachu on a plane Japan's
largest airline All Nippon Airways has
painted Pikachu and other Pokemon on the
sides of their airplanes making them fun
and colorful now I'm sure you know you
have Japan to thank for giving us
karaoke but have you ever wondered what
the word means
it translates as empty Orchestra so you
better fine-tune your singing skills I'm
also glad we decided to just borrow the
original Japanese word hey you guys up
for some empty orchestra tonight huh
that's a mouthful the Blowfish or fugu
in Japan is a highly poisonous fish that
nonetheless is eaten as a delicacy it's
so dangerous in fact the Japanese chefs
have to complete 11 years of tree
if they want to serve it in their
restaurant yes it takes perfect skill
when the stakes are that high on a
lighter note fugu literally means river
pig in Japanese
well that's unappetizing on so many
levels saving face and avoiding
embarrassment is very important there
I'd say in a lot of other places too but
here's the surprise getting caught in
the rain without an umbrella is
considered foolish don't worry though
there are countless convenience stores
where you can pop in and get yourself an
umbrella if you're looking for a place
to spend your golden years you'll be in
good company in Japan about 23% of the
population is over 65 years old in fact
it's also the country with the most
centenarians as people who have
celebrated their 100th birthday Japan
has 16 national holidays there are so
many crammed into late April and early
May that this is referred to as Golden
Week one of those includes greenery Day
on May 4th which celebrates nature but
there's also separate marine day in July
dedicated to the greatness of the ocean
and mountain day in August to
commemorate well mountains school plays
a huge part in Japanese life lessons on
being kind-hearted studying hard and
feeling empathy would be a typical
kindergartner school day even the right
way to clean is taught in most schools
students clean the classroom at the end
of every day yeah we didn't talk about
sushi love it though can't get enough
maybe in an upcoming video leave me a
comment if you agree hey if you learned
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend here
are some more cool videos I think you'll
enjoy just click to the left or right
and remember stay on the bright side of
life